Subject: It's All About the Knot This is a guide about sex between men and male dogs. If that offends you then leave now. If you are not of legal age to view pornography, then you need to leave too. This is my intellectual property and may not be posted in any way or used for anything other than personal reading without my express permission. Archive;'It's All About the Knot'{Mikhail Conrad}( dog M anal best )[1!?]

It's All About the Knot

The most common question I get from guys that find out I get dog fucked is; Does it hurt? The answer to that is; Yes..., it hurts...,exquisitely. I like to look at it as a trade-off. The pain leads to some over-the-top pleasure. The best orgasms of my life have come with my smarting asshole trapped around a big fat cum-pumping dog knot. Getting the knot positioned just right, with the knobby bottom side snug up against the far end of my prostate lump is the key. When the knot lodges firmly up against that gland, the feelings that radiant from it can make me tremble in lust. As the dog ejaculates, and he will..., a lot, the squirts pass through his urethra and bulge the vessel with each shot. The back base of a dog's knot has a place close to the surface that balloons out significantly with each discharge. That's what I want pressing into my prostate. That's why I always want to let the dog turn.

Having a dog knot twisting in your ass is a thing you have to experience to really understand. It can be a part of the pain that comes from getting screwed by a canine, especially if the knot is a big one, say eight inches around or more. But it is the only way to get that cum pulsing place on a dog's fuck tool implanted just right for maximum titillation. You'll know when you get it right. I did.

Why don't I just answer all the basics from start to finish. I don't want to get into the situational stuff, like how to find a willing dog or how to entice him. There's plenty of that kind of stuff in the stories. The questions I get asked the most after the hurt one and my personal experiences all concern pure mechanics, the step by step of what happens. So let's get started. We'll do a walk-through fuck. The biggest factor will be the dog's knot. It's all about the knot. Ready?

First, prep yourself and the space you are going to use. Clean yourself out. A rapidly plunging dog cock encountering a turd can make fora cramping unpleasant odorous fuck as well as a messy ending to a knotting. Pillows, cushions, knee pads, cell phone, video camera, lights, a bottle of water, poppers, lube, towels, all are some of the things you might want to consider. There will be quite a bit of wet sex slop involved. You don't want to do it on the bone white living room carpeting regardless of how thick and cushiony the under-pad is. A vinyl sheet or drop cloth with a washable blanket or quilt spread out on the carpet will make the white off-limit area usable. Make the area comfortable for both you and the dog(s). Then decide about lube.

The dog will provide plenty of lube for the fucking by himself. His cock will start spritzing a watery but slick pre-cum almost as soon as his sheath draws back. If you feel like you want a slicker fuck then try using something like J-Lube. It's a powder that readily mixes with water to make a totally inert and safe lube. It's a standard on farms and with vets and way more affordable than small containers of water-based lube. Some of this will be trial and error before you establish your own particulars. Have fun with it. I enjoy all the prep time. It gets me hard going through the steps knowing that I am going to be on the receiving end of an energetic beastfucking pretty soon.

As a side note, there is a way to make this all easier. It was years before I found it out, but it works; Have a buddy help you out. Someone to encourage the dog, help line things up, and hold the dog's hind end snug up to you for a smooth knotting can make the whole experience more rhythmic and freer flowing. It was a long time before I found anyone I would even think about sharing bestiality thoughts with, much less talk about the real happenings. Just saying...

The next basic step is getting down in a position to get mounted. There are just a couple that work for dogs and their physiology. Every one of them is from behind. You'll occasionally find the oddity of someone that thinks that they can straddle a dog on it's back,but take my word for it, the dog doesn't like it. It's uncomfortable on their spine. Then there are those that want to do it face to face. This is not a very good idea for several reasons. You have the problem of height positioning by having to be on your back without being able to adjust using your hips and legs. You might feel like you have more control this way, and you certainly do, but you've set the stage for an inferior fuck. The biggest drawback is that it is awkward for the dog. The physical dynamics are wrong for him to be able to clutch you firmly. That means he can't get the leverage he needs to deliver the rapid-fire fuck he is built to give. Another big impediment with a face to face/missionary coupling is the psychological one. A dog that is aggressively fucking you, one that wants to throw his knot and tie to you, has a need to dominate you. His testosterone driven urges require it. When you are in a position constantly being able to look at him, he feels uncomfortable. A stare in the animal kingdom is a challenge. If you are looking to get a good forceful vigorous screwing don't vie with the dog. Turn your butt over and present your hole to him the way he wants it. If you want to get fucked BY a dog, you really should get fucked LIKE a dog, and that means ass up.

This involves bending at the waist with one exception; Small dogs. If you want to be nailed by your Dachshund, Basset hound, or even Pekingese(Hey, who am I to judge? And Basset hounds do have enticingly huge knots),you will have to do it prone and face down. Use a pillow or cushion if you need a small height adjustment. That's the only way within reason to get your asshole low enough to engage with their cock. With regular size to large dogs the standard position is on your hands and knees. Knees and elbows, or knees and chest are acceptable options. With really large dogs,you might have to have a raised bench or even a table for some of the monsters like Great Danes. Stools or ottomans make for a more relaxed knotting since you can rest your weight on them while you're tied ass to ass.

Once you are down and have your ready asshole accessible, you can either keep your legs together or you can spread them. Either way will work, but spreading your legs open makes for a faster and easier knotting. Keeping your legs together is the best way to prevent the dog from plunging deep and forming his knot inside you. If you want a fuck where the dog pounds into your hole with his knot using it like a battering ram, then try it by starting with your legs together. Be warned: This way of getting fucked can be agony for your anus.

The dog is going to do its best to plant its knot in you and a dog's best is usually good enough. Knots can engorge to an intimidating size pretty fast. In the contest of knot versus asshole, the knot has a decided advantage. Think about it. Your butt hole is already designed to open and close. A dog cock with a burgeoning knot is intended to wrest open a hole and then seal it closed. A resisting hole is most often a losing hole. Don't decide at the last minute to try keeping the knot out by clamping down with your sphincter. That's how tears occur. Be smart and make sure you're committed and know what you're getting into, or in this instance, what's getting into you.

If you choose to keep your legs together then you need to position your asshole at canine cock-tip level by using your hips. Stretch out with your hips by leaning forward and you'll lower your ass. Bend tighter at the hips and your ass goes up. Bend even more and it starts to go back down again as your knees bend up under you and your butt lowers to your heels. Easy. What?s the best height? That depends on the dog. You'll probably feel the end of the dog cock and be able to judge its height. It packs a solid punch when it's humping for a hole. I'll get to that in a bit.

Now, if you choose to spread your legs apart, you can get your hole at the right height the same way you would as if you kept your legs together,OR... You can spread your knees apart to lower your hole and move them in closer to raise it. I use a combination of both hip angle and knee width to help a thrusting red rocket to find its target. Yep, I'm a legs apart guy. Let's move on. It's time to get some dick.

Now you're in place. You look around and glance at the horny dog about to fuck you silly. At this point he has already sniffed out your hole with whatever enticements you used. He's been licking your pucker. You've been moaning in ecstasy. And it's just beginning. The wetness of his saliva magnifies scents to him. As he slobbers over your hole, he isn't just tasting you, he's smelling you, the sexual muskiness of your bunghole, the pheromones wafting from your nut sack, the scent of lust in your sweat, the building tension in your breath. These things are real to him. You have to tear yourself away from the intoxicating sensuous swipes of dog tongue going across your sensitive anal ring. If you want to get fucked right,then you need to turn your head and look at the dog behind you. Make brief casual eye contact. Get his attention and slowly turn your head back looking forward.

This isn't pretense. Looking back at a rutting male behind you keys an instinctive urge to 'mount' in canines. And it will most likely get you mounted if the dog hasn't already started on his own. The dog might scramble around, jumping on and off if he's inexperienced. It might take you a good bit of time to get a sexually excited virgin male dog to stay on and hump. Or you could get speared on a wet red slab of dog cock with the first thrust of his hips. However it happens, this is where the real fucking begins.

Some dogs get nervous or anxious and need you to help them onto your back. Don't jerk or yank at their forelegs. If they struggle at all then let them go. Play with them some more. Tease them. Remember, an adult male dog with functioning testicles wants to fuck. Just like a male human, he wants to get a nut and like many male humans, he'll fuck anything compatible to get one.

He will latch onto you with his forelegs, usually right above your hips. Then he will hip-hump his cock at your ass seeking the warm smoothness of a fuck hole. Most dogs have dew claws so a mounting can involve some aggressive clawing and scratching as the dog clutches you trying to knot you up. Wearing a shirt of some kind can help prevent serious claw slashes here. Some people prep their dog by wrapping his paws in something soft like socks. Most dogs don't like it. The thrill of a fuck can distract them from the irritation, but I think that I get a better fuckout of an unfettered dog. Fuckee's personal choice here, I guess.

You might get a few small scratches on your lower legs when you get fucked by a dog. Keeping a dog's nails trimmed can alleviate this inconvenience. He will scramble, prance, and practically slam dance his way into your ass. He'll be pushing with his hind legs against anything his back paws encounter in his frantic haste to impale you on his knot. You'll feel like he's trying to crawl up your ass with his cock leading the way. He's aggressive, hormonal driven. He's not trying to hurt you; he's trying to fuck you.

Dogs don't fuck like we do. It's not a matter of in and out to stimulate a swollen dickhead with them. All those nerves you have in your little head are in a different place for dogs. They are on his knot,concentrated around the back curve that feels the clamping of your sphincter. We guys cum from our glans, dogs from their knot. That makes them fuck to bury the knot, not to stroke the cock head.

Dog phallus come in as many shapes and sizes as human ones. There is no easily discernible head on a dog's pecker. Their cocks have a blunt wedge-shaped glans with a nipple-like pointed tip for a urethral opening. That's where the good stuff comes out, the final unloading point for the dog's pre-cum and cum. Most dog cock shafts are thicker at the end than in the middle. There is usually a taper to a bulge. This part of a canine's penis is his prepuce. It is the shaft that the dog uses to penetrate you. In a bit I'll key you in on something I find really fucking hot about this shaft part of a dog's cock.

The bulging lump behind the shaft is the bulbus glandis or knot. It can grow into a truly out sized mass. I've seen knots that were the size of a lime all the way up to some as big around as softballs. It is the feel-good center of the fuck for the dog. Always handle a dog's knot with care. It's sensitive. He wants your ass lips wrapped around it. The clench of your knot conquered pucker on this part of his fuck tool is what makes him cum.

Behind the knot is the longest and thinnest part of the dog's penis. It is the flexure. It is a long tube of connective tissues that go from the dog's prostate to the knot. Most of this will never go in you, but it is where you will be connected to the dog that just fucked you for the duration of the tie. It is muscle spring loaded. This is the part that the dog actually shoves with when he fucks you. He bucks into you and compresses the muscles around his flexure. At the end of the fuck lunge he tightens his abductor muscles just like you do when you fuck something. That causes the muscles around his penis to elongate a bit and shoves all the rest of the penis in front of it, knot and prepuce,forward. This happens as fast as the dog can operate his hips. You know how fast a dog can run. That's how fast he can fuck. The same hip muscles drive both actions. Now that you know what's going in you, you probably want to know how it goes in.

A dog fuck is basically a shoving match. Like I explained, the dog uses his hips and hind legs to shove his cock into you. The dog's cock isn't the same type of hard-on that you get. At first the only thing hard about it is the bone. Yes, I said bone. There is a bone in a dog cock. Don't be surprised. Most mammals have them. Humans are one of the few that don't. It's called the os penis or baculum. It is harder than your most rigid hard-on by a lot. The lack of one has fueled a whole pharmaceutical industry around erectile dysfunction in men. Dogs don't have erectile dysfunction. Even a fixed dog that hasn't had his balls for year scan still fuck. His heart isn't in it, but he can still sling a mean stick. The bone is purely a penetration device. It can deliver a jab while thrusting for your hole that will make you see stars. One dog powered thrust with an os bone landing solidly on one of your nuts will make you puke. That's why I always wear a jockstrap now when I do dog, it keeps my nuts mostly out of the way. Be careful with the thing. You can use a hand to position the dog's pecker to your hole to prevent painful bonings. That helpful friend I talked about earlier can make a big difference at this point too.

Now we're making progress. Suddenly it happens. The dog finds his mark. You're impaled with a rampant pre-cum squirting dog dick. Sometimes a dog will slide out and fail to fully penetrate you. He might even jump down from his mount. Don't worry, he'll be right back. The prepuce shaft of a dog's cock is equipped with pressure sensitive nerves. The dog can feel when his cock is inside smooth tissue better than we can. It sets off a cascade of feelings in the dog that makes him want to bury his bone. Your ass is right there, ready and waiting so, you're going to get it. Once the dog does get his pecker securely in you, you go for a ride.

The dog starts fucking you like he's possessed. He is. He's possessed by a hormone release caused by stimulation to his prepuce. There are many words to describe how a dog fucks; jackhammer, reciprocating saw, piston,pile driver. However you think of it, it's fast, faster than you can fuck. You will feel the bone stiffened fuck meat as it plows into you. You can feel it many different ways; as the burn shattering pain of a cock too massive for your unready hole, as a gut stabbing punch from one that is extremely long, as a slash of sudden shock having your rectum suddenly stuffed full, or the way every guy always feels it, as a wet rampaging warmth.

There will be an ever-present heat the whole time that the dog has his schlong up your ass. He has a body temperature of a bit over 101 F, that's38 C. It's higher than yours and you can feel it in your ass. The heat radiates in your ass the whole time his member is in you. And it's going to get wet, really wet, slushy wet, cum oozing wet. If you have enough presence of mind, you can hear fuck slurping sounds coming from your cock pounded asshole as the dog squirts your rectum constantly with his pre-cum. This manic breakneck fucking won't last long so enjoy it. It's all about the knot. All the energy he puts into the fuck is to plant that bulging lump of fuck flesh up in your ass.

Now the fuck can go three ways from here; Four if you count bolting away in panic and ending it, but we took the committed route so it's down to three and they are once again all about the knot. It is either swelling up inside your rectum already fucked deep inside you, or it's plucking your fuck shocked hole open over and over as it plunges in and out getting bigger with each thrust, or lastly, it is slamming into your hole seeking to batter its way inside. I've had the bad fortune to try and keep a dog from knotting me at this point because the phone was ringing... I lost. I really did black out from the pain when the dog slam fuck forced his knot past my demolished sphincter. What I advise here is to take the knot. Push out. Back into it. Grind it into your hole. If it is wedged in your crack,then time the humping fucks of the dog and slam your ass back as he drives forward. It might hurt. It might hurt a lot, but it will get you knotted. Me, I try to take the knot before it can be used as a slam shattering torture device. I've had it that way and I prefer the non-victim route. I want to be a prisoner, not a victim. I want to be a conscious hostage to that cum dumping cock, not an injured blacked out victim. I spread for the dog's cock and let him fuck me deep. This puts the knot part of the penis inside as it swells to its full girth.

So now we're knotted. The tightness gets tighter. Once the fuck plug gets in you it keeps expanding. Now the dog is getting his nut. He'll most likely start panting heavily now as he orgasms and begins to spew sperm in you. You're now knot locked as the first spurts of real cum start saturating your guts. And there's another feeling too, another type of fullness. Remember your dog cock parts? This feeling is coming from the dog's shaft. It's the thing I find so nut churning hot. The fucking prepuce is engorging along with the knot. The dog's cock is stretching deeper in me. The big piece of meat is lengthening almost another two inches up my ass. That turns a six inch cock into an eight incher and I can feel it elongating and coating my colon with hot dog cum as it slides deeper.

If you haven't cum yet, save it. I don't blame you if you crank one out while the dog pile drives you, or if you savagely stroke off a spew when he knots you up, but a better time to get your nut is coming, and once again, it's all about the knot. The fuck/knotting now comes to another splitting of the ways. You can either let your dog turn or you can hold him in place. I've had to hold a few dogs in place. The size of their knot shad me too afraid to let them turn. I was younger and alarmed by the massive size of the knot stretching my rectal space to extremes. I didn't want my asshole twisted and torn. Barring that I am a turn advocate.

If you hold your dog and don't let him turn, then the knotting will go something like this; You can hold the dog with one hand and jack off withe other, or you can choose to not beat your meat and just enjoy the knotting, or you might be one of those lucky fuckers that can cum just from being fuck filled and start shooting off. Whatever you do, the dog will continue to squirt you full of cum. Eventually if you keep him on your back, you will feel a loosening in your ass. It can take anywhere from a few minutes to over an hour to happen. He's finally through cumming in you. His knot will start to deflate. Different knots recede at differentiates. It will become small enough to come slopping out of your hole at some point if you don't let the dog go and he pulls it out still swollen instead. It'll come out sloppy wet and you will feel exhaustively loose in your asshole. Dog cum will run and trickle out of your not so tight asshole. Don't try and clamp your hole down on the cock to keep it all in. Your anal ring is knot shocked and not up to the task and your chute is cum washed anyway. Rest and let your sphincter recover some. That way you don't leave a cum trail when you get up and move. You'll be able to hold it in if there is any left. I'll get to that in a minute. Just don't worry,your asshole will close back up fairly fast.

Now what about those of us that let the dog turn? Well, first off, we have to squirm around and let the knot spin a full 180 degrees in our ass. It can happen quickly or with agonizing slowness depending on the size and shape of the knot. Sometimes the sides of a truly wide knot will press your prostate in such a way that cum will dribble out of your piss slit without you having an orgasm. It's nothing to be alarmed about. It just means you have a big wad backed up waiting to blow. At the end of the turn you will find yourself ass to ass with your hole feeling the steady pressure of the knot. The dog might try to pull away, but you can hold onto his back legs to keep him from knot ripping your rectum out through your asshole. Hold the hind legs right below the knee joint for best results. Even if the dog scrambles to break away, you can hold him this way without hurting him. As the dog starts cumming harder, he will most likely settle down and just pull enough to maintain the feel-good pressure around his knot. Yeah..., it is still all about the knot.

And how about that knot now? The squirt pulses of dog cum ejaculating through it are now pumping directly against your prostate, massaging it,making it thrum, radiating pleasure from your ass to your balls and even upwards into your cock. Many guys can orgasm by letting themselves become immersed in the raunchy carnal feeling of being bred and the ongoing prostate stimulation. I've had that happen a few times, mostly when I've saved up a load and not gotten off for several days. Otherwise, it is jack-off time. Try and keep your hands off your cock when you feel the throbbing jets of cum washing across your sex gland. I can't.

I yank my turgid prick loose from my jock's pouch and stroke-choke it until it bursts, erupting with cum and sending a knot enhanced orgasm exploding outward from my cock in waves of sexual ecstasy. I shudder with each wave and my asshole contracts involuntarily increasing the pressure of the knot on my prostate. The clenching spasms of my anal sphincter enervate the pleasure inducing nerves in the knot and the dog will squirt his wads more strongly. The licentious satisfaction doesn't end with the orgasm. It is still there in the pulses that knead your prostate with every spurt of dog cum that passes over it. The feeling will build up again. It will continue to titillate you until the dog quits cumming. I once was able to jack five orgasms out of my cock while knotted up by a big Rottweiler for more than an hour.

Alas, all good things eventually have to end and just like the guys that held their dog from turning, the one you are ass to ass with will have his knot start to shrink. Since you are ass to ass with a steady pull, your dog's knot will be wrenched out of your fuck loose hole. Sometimes this can bring a stab of pain, but it also brings a feeling of release. I usually fall forward face down and wait for my asshole to recover. And now... don't bypass this part, spread your legs. Most dogs have an amazing post-coital habit.

Every dog that has ever fucked me to completion has done it. It will end your fuck session the right way. Those of you that held your dog from turning can get in on this part too. Just make sure you spread your legs open some. Let the aroma of your cum oozing ass permeate the room. The dog will be drawn to it. He will slurp up the wet smears and cum leavings with determination. Your hole will benefit from the licks and swipes his tongue makes as he laps up his mess. The soft grainy sweeps of his tongue will soothe your aching asshole and it will speed its complete recovery.

And now you've had your dog fuck. Pass out and sleep if you want to. Grab a snack. Stretch the kinks out. Don't bother to get dressed yet. The dog will want to have another go at you in an hour or so. Can you handle it?

The End ?????
